README.md, before:

# Employee Management UI

This project is a simple Employee Management UI built using Angular. It allows users to add employee details, view a list of added employees, and visualize basic data using charts.

## Features

- **Add Employee Form**: Add employee details including Full Name, Email, Department, and Gender with validation.
- **Employee List**: Displays a dynamically updating list of employees with the ability to delete an employee.
- **Charts**:
  - Bar chart showing the count of employees in each department.
  - Pie chart displaying the distribution of employees by gender.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14.x or higher recommended)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli) (v12.x or higher)

### Cloning the Repository

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/employee-management-ui.git
   ```

### Installing Dependencies and Running the Application

Once you've cloned the repository, follow these steps to install the necessary dependencies and start the application:

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory**:

   ```bash
   cd employee-management-ui
   npm install
   ng serve
   ```

Commit message:

search bar to filter by name

README.md, after:

# Employee Management UI

This project is a simple Employee Management UI built using Angular. It allows users to add employee details, view a list of added employees, and visualize basic data using charts.

## Features

- **Add Employee Form**: Add employee details including Full Name, Email, Department, and Gender with validation.
- **Employee List**: Displays a dynamically updating list of employees with the ability to delete an employee.
- **Search**: Includes a search bar that allows users to filter employees by their full name.
- **Charts**:
  - Bar chart showing the count of employees in each department.
  - Pie chart displaying the distribution of employees by gender.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14.x or higher recommended)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli) (v12.x or higher)

### Cloning the Repository

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/employee-management-ui.git
   ```

### Installing Dependencies and Running the Application

Once you've cloned the repository, follow these steps to install the necessary dependencies and start the application:

1. **Navigate to the Project Directory**:

   ```bash
   cd employee-management-ui
   npm install
   ng serve
   ```
